it
rush the pain desculpe displays these
are the devil's tools and what wretched
things they burn so today I call upon
you to cast off these abominations if
I'm consign them to the flames that you
may be cleansed that you may be free
give them up oh my guards will do it for
you when I first became a painter I did
so as a means to accelerate my devotion
to God here there was an opportunity to
grow closer to him more if divinity was
perfection then surely capturing it
would be divine it seemed a righteous
world of you a form of prayer of worship
and he father's my gaze upon my
creations and see something of the Lord
within well would they not be also
brought closer to him and so I thought
myself an altruist a speaker
it is unwise for you to challenge those
in power yes well that is about to
change no you won't take me some on the
role they will know of your treachery
God God
hello Latham
I was a victim it's not my fault
the choice is yours to make continue to
support the manager who as you now have
long since flight guys that on except
Savonarola
why fight it why refuse he's a good man
strong of character and morals he seeks
to save us from ourselves and saving is
what we need before Savonarola came to
us we were mired in scene gluttony lust
pride ever is need I go on we cared over
much for earthly things and pleasures of
the flesh
you
Stewie's are miss Mooney t center survey
more a bomb me booze berry coulis a
glory ficken Dante qui es una cosa
Victoria larget or proper Marita Eugenie
DVD e2e Domini nostri Jesu Christi amen
eterno stare we yes in JD's some key
feature to who know home & 2
you
we'll see just how tough the holdouts
are when they're forced to go without
food if they want to eat that except
seven are old as their leader how the
Medici family can still hold any sway in
the cities beyond me God you think I
once considered them my patrons but that
was before the Prophet opened my eyes
then I saw the ethos of comas and the
division it creates Savonarola will lead
us into a new air one of fraternity
equality and justice all that remains is
for us to cast off the shackles of our
troubled past and accept the Lord as our
Savior and true leader